TINY-6622: Ensure that filenames are retained entirely, including the extension (#6226)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/changelog.txt

    Added new `name` field to the `style_formats` setting object to enable specifying a name for the format. #TINY-4239
    Changed `readonly` mode to allow hyperlinks to be clickable #TINY-6248
    Fixed layout issues when empty `tr` elements were incorrectly removed from tables #TINY-4679

>     Fixed image file extensions lost when uploading an image with an alternative extension (eg jfif) #TINY-6622

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fixed image file extensions lost when uploading an image with an alternative extension (e.g. jfif) #TINY-6622
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
